Okay. So test three is a case when feature zero and one are one,
and feature two is zero,
it can actually be zero or a one.
You want to fight the prediction.
So we can first double-check that the shap function that
we calculated gives the same result as the shap library.
So you can pause the video for a bit to think about how you would interpret this.
I'm going to go ahead and give my thoughts here.
So here you can see that we start out with the expected value of 0.25.
Each of these features,
features zero and feature one,
are pushing the model's prediction in a positive direction by an equal amount of 0.375.
When you add these up,
you actually get 0.75.
Now you'll notice that the information from the features has pushed
the expected value from 0.25 to the model's prediction of one.
The nice thing is, and you'll notice this from the previous exercises, in this case,
it's saying that features zero and one here are
equally important in contributing to the final prediction.
Because they have the same sign and same magnitude.
Great. So thank you for going through this notebook.
We're done with this. The solution notebook link
is here as well, if you want to look at that.
You can continue on with the lesson.